Add customization  docs for Leptonx  lite (#14225)
abpframework/abp: docs/en/Themes/LeptonXLite/Angular.md

### Server Side

In order to migrate to LeptonX on your server side projects (Host and/or AuthServer projects), please follow the [Server Side Migration](AspNetCore.md) document.

## Customization

### Layouts

Angular version of LeptonX Lite provides **layout components** for your **user interface** on [ABP Framework Theming](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/UI/Angular/Theming). You can use layouts to **organize your user interface**. You can replace the **layout components** and some parts of the **layout components** with the [ABP replaceable component  system](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/UI/Angular/Component-Replacement).

> The main responsibility of a theme iss to **provides** the layouts. There are **three pre-defined layouts that must be implemented by all the themes:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main responsibility of a theme is to **provide** the layouts. There are **three pre-defined layouts that must be implemented by all the themes:**
```
